Now for this I will actually create a new project.
Simply search for React Native on google and you'll find your official React Native docs.
Now we'll follow de creation approach or one of creation approaches which is recommended there for that
simply click on get started there and then important on this page.
Don't follow the Quick Start which essentially just uses create react native app but choose building
projects with native code and there you'll find instructions for different operating systems and your
different operating systems on the target devices.
Please note dead windows at ISIS is not support because you need a Mac to build Iowa's apps that's simply
a requirement by Apple.
Now my strong recommendation here is dead you go through these steps here for your operating system
step by step because you can easily copy the command stair and this allows you to quickly install all
the extra tools you need and then get started in the end.
Setup is pretty straightforward here.
You need a couple of helper tools as you can see for example here on windows you will need to execute
this command with administration rights in the command prompt so right click on the executable and run
it as administrator and once you install this year on windows and on Mac you installed node and Watchmen
with brute.
We are all on the same step where we have to install the react native CLIA and for this will use NPM.
This node package manager we simply run this command which we can just copy in our terminal or command
prompt.
Now important on Mac and Linux you might need to add sudo in front of this.
If you're getting any permission issues now enter your password your log and password here.
If you're prompted for it and they're off their list will install the react data seal i.e. globally
with that installed.
We should make sure that we fulfill all the other requirements here for Android and Mac OS so that we
have the Android Studio and JD K. was an 8 and so on installed and I will do all of that together with
you in the next lectures too.
So there you see that in great detail but again always check out these details steps.
In case you're facing any issues for your platform because here you have to all written down step by
step.
For example don't forget to set these environment variables so that all the tools can find what they
need and follow fruity steps carefully.
Again I will also show you this in the next lectures.
Now you'll then be able to create a new project by running react native in it.
Awesome project or whatever project name you want to use.
So you do that in which ever folder you want to create that project.
So that's React Native in it.
And then any name you want like are in course that will be your project name and the name of the folder
which is created and then and that's important.
Don't hit enter yet.
Instead add a blank and then dash dash word in and then another blank and other whitespace and then
react dash native one word just split across two lines for me here but that's one word react dash native
at without a blank and things though just to add right after react native at seared not 5 9.
Now what this does is it creates a new project where we use to react native versions here not 5 9.
Now at the point you're viewing this there might be a slightly newer version.
Some parts of this course some third party package has to be precise will not work with that version
yet so that you're not facing any issues.
I recommend going with this version I will of course continue to update this course and replace packages
that won't work with the newest version but since this takes time and you won't miss anything by not
using the very latest version of React Native I recommend that you stick to sort of 5 9 right now.
Again I'll of course keep this course updated and ensure we all can use all new shiny features of any
third party package.
But with this version of React Native so sort of 5 9 you are learning React Native in a correct way
with the latest syntax you're not missing out on anything and this will create a new project which will
then allow you to create a react native app in a slightly different in a slightly more powerful way
than you could do it with the create react native app project we had before.
So this simply installs a couple of dependencies a couple of things in the project and once it's done
you can follow the instructions here to run your app again for Dad you need to have these other tools
like Android Studio X code and so on installed which I will do together with you in the next lectures
and I want to be honest here.
I recorded this lecture after I initially recorded the course because the setup process changed slightly.
Now you will be able to follow along just fine because the folder structure ends on is equal to what
we had before.
And indeed we can simply open the newly created Project in our IDE e once we have it.
Here it is and this is essentially the same set up you will see in the rest of the videos.
There's just one important adjustment.
When I later run my app on a simulator and I show you how to set it all up in the next lectures I will
run NPM run ISIS or NPM run Android.
With this changed setup.
This should be react native run ISIS or react native run Android with a dash between run and Android
or run.
And ISIS.
You can always go into the package does Jason fall here and there in the scripts.
You can add a script called Io s where you execute react native run OS and add a script named Android
here where you execute react native run Android so you simply add these two items.
Don't forget to double quotation marks they are important you add these two items to the script section
here and thereafter you can indeed run the same commands.
I run in this course with NPM or on Android for example to behind the scenes execute react native run
Android which is the right thing to run right now so you will be able to do that again in the next lectures.
I walk through all the required set up to run your app on an emulator ends on.
This is the setup we will use for the rest of this course.